hello this is Bali Clarkson Clarkson
commercials in Glasgow and that's one
this morning
yes I'm afraid this and other transit
vine right so we do most of but that's
one is a 2008 on a zero it plate for
transit colonel named sitter GLX no
basically it's a main Sita transit
journey or the children EO is the set of
people carrier a derivative of the
transit range and then let's get the 110
horsepower engine just get a bigger
engine two thousand eight zero eight
plate pure new lane seat GLX 110 horse
engine 2.2 TDCI and
and side it's everything you hope it
would be so I will see it along the back
of you just try to keep close n to show
you all the bits and pieces matter all
again three seats all the seat belts
armrest ear and enter the front cabin
three seats including the driver
obviously make up your main seats the
vine has got air conditioning remote
radio control buttons it's got an
on-board driver computer heated front
screen heated metals color-coded grille
front spotlights blah blah blah so it's
all the fuel spec that you'll get on the
basic vine the fuel terms are also an LX
feature as well it's got the one piece
up and over till get on the back the L
as you see now the number of the
vehicles are 2008 on a zero eight plate
and the private number goes with the
vehicle so that will stay on it
that is yours free of charge to to love
and cherish still under manufactures
warranty twenty or twenty eight doors as
you see here the main feature of this
vehicle is it has got no VT on it for
accountancy reasons I can explain it to
you if you want to give us a call and
but there is no V T so if you not ve
registered there is no VA t GP on the
selling place which is a massive massive
saving perfect bodywork no dings no
dents no scoffs no bodies nothing at all
lovely lovely condition and and as close
as you could possibly get to factory
condition but don't take our word come
and have a look at it yourself but we're
not Joker's or part-time Canadians
retailer as in that's the only way I see
can a can be done
so enough rambling and that's a 2008 and
a 0 it plate for transitional main seat
GLX 110 PS with 50,000 miles thanks for
your time